
Aterido, Reyes, Mary Hallward-Driemeier, and Carmen Pagés.2011.“Does Expanding Health Insurance Beyond Formal-Sector Workers Encourage Informality? Measuring the Impact of Mexico’s Seguro Popular.” IZA Discussion Paper No.5996.Bonn: IZA.
Alho, Juha, Jorge Miguel Bravo, and Edward Palmer.2012.“Annuities and Life Expectancy in NDC.” In Holzmann, Palmer, and Robalino (eds), op cit.chapter 22, in print.
Barr, Nicholas and Peter Diamond.2008.Reforming Pensions: Principles and Policy Choices.Oxford University Press.et al.: Oxford.
Blake, David, Tom Boardman, and Andrew Cairns.2010.“Sharing Longevity Risk: Why Governments Should Issue Longevity Bonds.” Discussion Paper PI-1002.London: The Pensions Institute.Available at: pensions-institute.org/workingpapers/wp1002.pdf.
Brunner, Greg, Richard Hinz and Roberto Rocha.2008.Risk-Based Supervision of Pension Funds: Emerging Practices and Challenges.Washington, DC: World Bank.
Chloń-Domińczak, Agnieszka, Daniele Franco and Edward Palmer.2012.“The First Wave of NDC Reforms: The Experiences of Italy, Latvia, Poland and Sweden”.In Holzmann, Palmer and Robalino (eds), op.cit.Volume I, chapter 2, in print.
European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training.2008.“Innovative Learning Measures for Older Workers.” Cedefop Panorama Series, 159.Luxembourg: Office for Official Publications of the European Communities.
European Commission.2012.An Agenda for Adequate, Safe and Sustainable Pensions.White Paper.Brussels: COM.
Fajnzylber, Eduardo and David Robalino, 2012.“Chile: Shadowing of FDC with NDC.” In Holzmann and Palmer, eds.op cit.Chapter 9, in print.
Grosh, Margaret, Carlo del Ninno, Emil Tesliuc, and Azedine Ouerghi.2008.For Protection & Promotion: The Design and Implementation of Effective Safety Nets.Washington, DC: World Bank.
Hinz, Richard , Asta Zviniene, Sergi Biletsky, Tatyana Bogomolova.2009.“The Impact of the Financial Crisis on Public Pension Systems: Stress Testing Models of Mandatory Pension Systems in Middle Income and Developing Countries”.Social Protection & Labor Department.Washington, DC: World Bank.Mimeo, September.
Hinz, Richard, Heinz P.Rudolph, Pablo Antolin, and Juan Yermo.2010.Evaluating the Financial Performance of Funds.Washington, DC: World Bank.
Holzmann, Robert.2003.A Provocative Note on Coverage in Public Pension Schemes, in: Tausch, A.(2003, ed.): The Three Pillars of Wisdom – A Reader on Globalization, World Bank Pension Models and Welfare Society, New York (Nova Science Publisher), 85-99.
Holzmann, Robert and Richard Hinz, eds.2012.Matching Defined Contribution (MDC) Schemes: A Promising Pension Design to Enhance Coverage and Benefit Level? Washington DC: World Bank (under preparation).
Holzmann, Robert, Edward Palmer and David Robalino, eds.2012.NDC Pension Schemes in a Changing Pension World, Volume 1: Progress, Issues, and Implementation.Volume 2: Gender, Politics, and Financial Stability.Washington, DC: World Bank and Swedish Social Insurance Agency (in print).
Holzmann, Robert, David A.Robalino, and Noriyuki Takayama, eds.2009.Closing the Coverage Gap – The Role of Social Pensions and Other Retirement Income Transfers.Washington, DC: World Bank.
Holzmann, Robert and Edward Palmer, eds.2006.Pension Reform: Issues and Prospect for Non- Financial Defined Contribution (NDC) Schemes.Washington, DC: World Bank.(also available in Chinese, German and Spanish).
Holzmann, R., Richard Hinz, and Bank Team.2005.Old-Age Income Support in the Twenty-first Century: An International Perspective on Pension Systems and Reform.Washington, DC: World Bank (also available in Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish).
International Labor Organisation (ILO).2011.The Social Protection Floor.Geneva: ILO.
International Monetary Fund (IMF).2011.The Challenge of Public Pension Reform in Advanced and Emerging Economies.Fiscal Affairs Department, December 28.Washington, DC: IMF
Impavido, Gregorio, Esperanza Lasagabaster, and Manuel García-Huitrón.2010.New Policies for Mandatory Defined Contribution Pensions: Industrial organization models and investment products.Washington, DC: World Bank.
Investment & Pensions Europe (IPE).2011.“Top 1000 European Pension Funds.” London: IPE International Publisher, October.
International Social Security Association (ISSA).2011.Mbao Pension Plan: A case of the Retirement Benefits Authority.Good Practices in Social Security.Geneva: ISSA.www.issa.int
Levy, Santiago.2008.Good Intentions, Bad Outcomes.Washington, DC: Brookings Institution.
OECD.2011a.Pensions at a Glance 2011: Retirement-Income Systems in OECD and G20 Countries.Paris: OECD.
OECD.2011b.“Pension Markets in Focus.” Issue 8, July.Paris: OECD.
Orenstein, Mitchell A.2011.“Pension privatization in crisis: Demise or rebirth of a global policy
trend?” International Social Security Review, vol.64 (3): 65-80.
Palacios, Robert and David Robalino.2009.“Matching Defined Contributions: A way to Increase
Pension Coverage”.In Holzmann, Robalino and Takayama, op.cit.Chapter 13: 187-202.
Pallares-Miralles, Montserrat, Carolina Romero, and Edward Whitehouse.2011.International Patterns of Pension Provision II: Worldwide Overview of Facts and Figures, Draft.June.Washington, DC: World Bank, mimeo..
Palmer, Edward.2012.“Generic NDC: Equilibrium, Valuation and Risk Sharing.” In Holzmann, Palmer and Robalino (eds), op cit.chapter 19, in print.
Ribe, Helena, David Robalino, and Ian Walker.2012.From Right to Reality: Incentives, Labor Markets, and the Challenge of Achieving Universal Social Protection in Latin America and the Caribbean.Latin American Development Forum Series.Washington, DC: World Bank.
Rocha, Roberto, Dmitri Vittas, and Heinz P.Rudolph.2011.Annuities and other Retirement Products: Designing the Payout Phase.Washington, DC: World Bank.
Rofman, Rafel, Eduardo Fajnzylber, and German Herrara.2008.“Reforming the Pension Reforms: The Recent Initiatives and Actions on Pensions in Argentina and Chile.” Social Protection Discussion Papers No.0831, May.Washington, DC: World Bank.
Rofmann, Rafel and Maria Laura Oliveri.2012.La cobertura de los sistemas previsionales en América Latina: conceptos e indicadores.Series de Documentos de Trabajo sobre Políticas Sociales No.7.Buenos Aires: World Bank (English version in preparation).
Vittas, Dimitri.2011.“The Mechanics and Regulations of Variable Payout Annuities.” Policy Research Working Papers No.5962, August.Washington, DC: World Bank.
World Bank.1994.Averting the Old Age Crisis.Washington, DC: World Bank.
World Bank.2008.“The Financial Crisis and Mandatory Pension Systems in Developing Countries: Short- and Medium-term Responses for Retirement Income Systems.” Pension Reform Primer Notes, December.Washington, DC: World Bank.
World Bank.2009.“Pensions in Crisis: Europe and Central Asia Regional Policy Note.” Europe and Central Asia, November.Washington, DC: World Bank.