Aberbach, Joel D., Robert D. Putnam, and Bert A. Rockman. 1981. Bureaucrats and Politicians in Western Democracies. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.
Ahmad, Ehtisham, and Giorgio Brosio. 2008. "Political Economy of Multi-level Tax Assignments in Latin American Countries: Earmarked Revenue versus Tax Autonomy." International Monetary Fund, Fiscal Affairs Department, Washington, DC.
Ahmad, Ehtisham, and Eric Mottu. 2002. "Oil Revenue Assignments: Country Experiences and Issues." IMF Working Paper, 1- 27, International Monetary Fund, Washington, DC.
Bahl, Roy, and Johannes Linn. 1994. "Fiscal Decentralization and Intergovernmental Transfers in Less Developed Countries."Publius 24: 1–19.
Bahl, Roy, and Bayar Tumennasan. 2004. How Should Revenues from Natural Resources be Shared in Indonesia? Reforming Intergovernmental Fiscal Relations and the Rebuilding of Indonesia: The 'Big Bang' Program and Its Economic Consequences. Northampton, MA: Edward Elgar.
Bakke, Kristin M., and Erik Wibbels. 2006. "Diversity, Disparity, and Civil Conflict in Federal States." World Politics 1.
Beramendi, Pablo. 2007. "Federalism." In The Oxford Handbook of Comparative Politics, ed. Carles Boix and Susan Carol Stokes. New York: Oxford University Press.
Bird, Richard, and Roy Bahl. 2008a. "Subnational Taxes in Developing Countries: The Way Forward." IIB Paper No. 16, University of Toronto, Joseph L. Rotman School of Management, Toronto.
Bird, Richard, and Roy Bahl. 2008b. "Tax Policy in Developing Countries: Looking Back and Forward." IIB Paper No. 13, University of Toronto, Joseph L. Rotman School of Management, Toronto.
Bird, Richard, and Robert Ebel. 2006. "Fiscal Federalism and National Unity." In Handbook of Fiscal Federalism, ed. Ehtisham Ahmad and Giorgio Brosio. Northampton, MA: Edward Elgar Publishing, Inc.
Bird, Richard, and Robert Ebel. 2007. Fiscal Fragmentation in Decentralized Countries: Subsidiarity, Solidarity and Asymmetry. Cheltenham: Edward Elgar Publishing, Inc.
Bird, Richard M., Jorge Martinez-Vazquez, and James Alm. 2003. Public Finance in Developing and Transitional Countries: Essays in Honor of Richard Bird. Cheltenham, UK and Northampton, MA: Edward Elgar Publishing, Inc.
Bird, Richard M., 2001. Public Finance in Developing and Transition Countries: A Conference in Honor of Richard Bird, April 5–6, 2001, Andrew Young School of Policy Studies, Georgia University, Evergree Hotel and Resort, Stone Mountain, Georgia. Georgia State University, Andrew Young School of Policy Studies, Atlanta, Georgia.
Blanchard, Olivier, and Andrei Shleifer. 2001. "Federalism With and Without Centralization: China Versus Russia." IMF Staff Working Paper, Vol. 48, Special Issue, International Monetary Fund, Washington, DC.
Boadway, Robin, and Anwar Shah. 2009. Fiscal Federalism: Principles and Practice of Multiorder Governance. New York: Cambridge University Press.
Boadway, Robin, and Anwar Shah. 1994. "Fiscal Federalism in Developing/Transition Economies: Some Lessons from Industrialized Countries." National Tax Association, Tax Institute of America, Columbus, Ohio.
Boadway, Robin W., and Anwar Shah. 2007. "Intergovernmental Fiscal Transfers: Principles and Practices." World Bank, Washington, DC.
Boix, Carles. 2003. Democracy and Redistribution. Cambridge, UK and New York: Cambridge University Press. 
Bornhorst, Fabian, Sanjeev Gupta, and John Thornton. 2009. "Natural Resource Endowments and the Domestic Revenue Effort European Journal of Political Economy 25.
Brancati, Dawn 2009. Peace by Design Managing Intrastate Conflict through Decentralization. New York: Oxford University Press.
Brosio, Giorgio. 2006. "The Assignment of Revenue from Natural Resources." In Handbook of Fiscal Federalism, ed. Ehtisham Ahmad and Giorgio Brosio. Northampton, MA: Edward Elgar Publishing, Inc.
Caselli, Francesco, and Nicola Gennaioli. 2007. "Economics and Politics of Alternative Institutional Reforms." NBER Working Paper Series, Working Paper No. 12833, National Bureau of Economic Research, Cambridge, MA.
Caselli, Francesco, and Guy Michaels. 2009. "Do Oil Windfalls Improve Living Standards? Evidence from Brazil." NBER Working Paper Series, Working Paper No. 15550, National Bureau of Economic Research, Cambridge, MA.
Collier, Paul, and Anthony J. Venables. 2009. "Natural Resources and State Fragility." OxCarre Research Paper, Oxford Centre for the Analysis of Resource Rich Economies, Oxford.
Davis, Jeffrey M., Rolando Ossowski, and Annalisa Fedelino. 2003. "Fiscal Policy Formulation and Implementation in OilProducing Countries." International Monetary Fund, Washington, DC.
De Figueiredo, Rui, and Barry Weingast. 2005. "Self-Enforcing Federalism." Journal of Law, Economics, and Organization.
de Mello, Luiz, and Kiichiro Fukasaku. 1999. Decentralisation, Inter-governmental Fiscal Relations and Macroeconomic Governance. Paris: OECD.
De Silva, Migara, 2009. Intergovernmental Reforms in the Russian Federation: One Step Forward, Two Steps Back? Washington, DC: World Bank.
Eaton, Kent. 2004. Politics beyond the Capital: The Design of Subnational Institutions in South America. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.
Eaton, Kent, Kai Kaiser, and Paul Smoke. 2010. The Political-Economy of Decentralization Reforms: Implications for Aid Effectiveness. Washington, DC.
Filippov, Mikhail, Peter C. Ordeshook, and Olga Shvetsova. 2004. Designing Federalism: A Theory of Self-Sustainable Federal Institutions. New York: Cambridge University Press.
Gonzalez, Christian, David Rosenblatt, and Steven Benjamin Webb. 2002. "Stabilizing Intergovernmental Transfers in Latin America: A Complement to National/Subnational Fiscal Rules?" World Bank Policy Research Working Paper, World Bank, Washington, DC.
Haysom, Nicholas, and Sean Kane. 2010. "Negotiating Natural Resources for Peace: Ownership, Control, and Wealth-Sharing."Paper prepared for Henry Dunant Center for Humanitarian Dialogue, HD Briefing Paper, October, Geneva.
Herbst, Jeffrey. 1989. "Creation and Maintenance of National Boundaries in Africa." International Organization 43: 673–92.
Herbst, Jeffrey. 2001. "The Politics of Revenue Sharing in Resource-Dependent States." Mimeo.
Hofman, Bert, Kadjatmiko, Kai Kaiser, and Bambang Suharnoko Sjahrir. 2006. "Evaluating Fiscal Equalization in Indonesia."Policy Research Working Paper No. 3911, World Bank, Washington, DC.
Horowitz, David. 2002. Uncivil Wars: The Controversy over Reparations for Slavery. San Francisco: Encounter Books.
International Monetary Fund. 2009. "Macro Policy Lessons for a Sound Design of Fiscal Decentralization." Fiscal Affairs Department, IMF, Washington, DC.
Jeong, Ho-Won. 2002. Approaches to Peacebuilding. New York: Palgrave Macmillan.
Kaiser, Kai, and Mira Merhi. 2009. "Revenue and Expenditure Management in Resource Rich Countries: Managing PostCommodity Boom Volatility in Intergovernmental Settings." Policy Note, Washington, DC.
Lane, Philip R., and Aaron Tornell. 1999. "The Voracity Effect." American Economic Review 89: 22-46.
Lewis, Blane. 2005. "Indonesia Local Government Spending, Taxing and Saving: An Explanation of Pre- and PostDecentralization Fiscal Outcomes." Asian Economic Journal 19: 291–317.
Ma, Jun, 1997. "Intergovernmental Fiscal Transfers in Nine Countries: Lessons for Developing Countries." Policy Research Working Paper.
Mclure, Charles E. 1983. "Tax Assignment in Federal Countries." Centre for Research on Federal Financial Relations, Canberra.
Mclure, Charles E. 1994. "Taxation of Natural Resources and the Future of the Russian Federation." National Tax Association, Tax Institute of America, Columbus, Ohio.
Mclure, Charles E. 2003. "The Assignment of Oil Tax Revenue." In Fiscal Policy Formulation and Implementation in OilProducing Countries, ed. Jeffrey David, Rolando Ossowski, and Analissa Fedelino. Washington, DC: International Monetary Fund.
Mieszkowski, Peter. 1983. "Energy Policy, Taxation of Natural Resources, and Fiscal Federalism." In Tax Assignment in Federal Countries, ed. C. E. McLure, Jr. Canberra: Centre for Research on Federal Financial Relations, Australian National University.
Oates, Wallace E. 1972. Fiscal Federalism. New York: Harcourt Brace Jovanovich.
Oates, Wallace E. 2005. "Toward a Second-Generation Theory of Fiscal Federalism." International Tax and Public Finance, 349–74. Available at http://www.econ.umd.edu/research/papers/363 (accessed February 2010). 
Otto, James. 2001. "Fiscal Decentralization and Mining Taxation." The World Bank Group Mining Department, Washington, DC.
Panizza, Ugo. 1999. "On the Determinants of Fiscal Centralization: Theory and Evidence." Journal of Public Economics 74: 97– 139.
Quian, Yingyi, and Barry Weingast. 1997. "Federalism as a Commitment to Preserving Market Incentives." Journal of Economic Perspectives 11: 83–92.
Rodden, Johnathan. 2007. "Federalism." In The Oxford Handbook of Political Economy, ed. Barry R. Weingast and Donald A. Wittman. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Rodden, Jonathan, Gunnar Eskeland, and Jennie Litvack. 2003. Decentralization and Hard Budget Constraints. Boston, MA: MIT Press.
Rodden, Jonathan, and Erik Wibbels. 2002. "Beyond the Fiction of Federalism: Macroeconomic Management in Multitiered Systems." World Politics 54 (4): 494–531.
Schneider, Aaron. 2006. Governance Reform and Institutional Change in Brazil: Fiscal Responsibility and Tax. Brighton, UK: Institute of Development Studies.
Shah, Anwar. 2004. "Fiscal Decentralization in Developing and Transition Economies: Progress, Problems, and the Promise."World Bank Institute, Poverty Reduction and Economic Management Division, World Bank, Washington, DC.
Srinivasan, T. N., and Jessica Seddon Wallack. 2006. Federalism and Economic Reform: International Perspectives. New York: Cambridge University Press.
Treisman, Daniel. 1999. After the Deluge: Regional Crises and Political Consolidation in Russia. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press.
Treisman, Daniel. 2007. The Architecture of Government: Rethinking Political Decentralization. Cambridge and New York: Cambridge University Press.
Weingast, Barry. 1995. "The Economic Role of Political Institutions: Market-Preserving Federalism and Economic Development." Journal of Law, Economics, & Organization 11: 1–31.