Aiyar, Yamini and Samji Salimah (2009).Transparency and Accountability in NREGA.A Case Study of Andhra Pradesh.Engaging Accountability: Working Paper Series, February 2009.Accountability Initiative, Center for Policy Research, New Delhi.
Ahmad, J et al.(2005).Decentralisation and Service Delivery.World Bank Policy Research Working Paper 3603.
Alatas, Vivi (2010).Targeting the poor in Indonesia, a presentation for the “Targeting for Social Safety Nets” session of the Vulnerability and Labor Markets in ASEAN During the Global Crisis and Beyond series.World Bank and Global Development Learning Center, November 12, 2010
Attanasio, O., Battistin, E, Fitzsimons, E., Mesnard, A.and Vera-Hernandez, M.(2005).How effective are Conditional Cash Transfer Programs? Institute of Fiscal studies, London.
Baldeon C.and Arribas-Banos, M.(2008).Management Information Systems in Social Safety Net Programs: A Look at Accountability and Control Mechanisms.World BANK SP Discussion Paper No 0819.
Bassett, L., Blanco, G.and Silva Villalobos, V., (2010) Management Information Systems for CCTs and Social Protection Systems in Latin America: A Tool for Improved Program Management and Evidence- Based Decision-Making, World Bank note, LCSHS
Camacho A.And Conover E., 2009.Manipulation of social Protection Eligibility: Detection, Explanation and Consequences for Empirical Research.CEDE.Universidad de los Andes, Facultad de Economia.
Campos, E.J.and Pradhan, S.(eds) (2007).Many Faces of Corruption: Tracking vulnerabilities at the sector level.World Bank, Washington DC.
Chase, R.and Anjum, A.(2008).Demand for Good Governance Stocktaking Report: Initiatives Supporting Demand for Good Governance (DFGG) Across World Bank Group Sectors and Regions.World Bank, Washington DC.
Center for Health Research Indonesia.2011.Health Insurance in Indonesia: A stakeholder Accountability Review of the Jamkesmas Program.
Coady, D.Grosh, M., and Hoddinot, J.(2004).Targeting of Transfers in Developing Countries: Review of Lessons and experience.Washington D.C.: World Bank.
Del Ninno, C.Subbarao, K., Millazo, A.(2009) How to Make Public Works Work: A Review of the Experiences.SP Discussion Paper, No 0905, World Bank: Washington DC.
Fiszbein, A., N.Schady, et al.(2009).Conditional Cash Transfers: Reducing Present and Future Poverty.A World Bank Policy Research Report.Washington, D.C., The World Bank.
Fiszbein A., Ringold D., and Rogers, H.(2009).Making Services Work: Indicators, Assessments, and Benchmarking of the Quality and Governance of Public Service Delivery in the Human Development Sectors.World Bank Note December 2009.
Fritz V, et al (2009).Problem-driven Governance and Political economy Analysis.World Bank.
Grosh, M et al.(2008).For Protection and Promotion: the Design and Implementation of Effective safety Nets.World Bank.
Hyden, G., Court, J.and Mease, K., (2004).Making Sense of Governance: Empirical Evidence from Sixteen Developing Countries.Boulder, Co.
Indonesia Corruption Watch, Jamkesmas Policy Study, ICW Jakarta 2008
Lewis M.and Petterson, G.(2009), Governance in Health Care Delivery: Raising Performance.
Mukti, Ali Ghufron, ‘Health Insurance for The Poor’, presented at the Health System Strengthening using Primary Health Care Approach, Regional Conference on “Revitalizing Primary Health Care” Jakarta, Indonesia, 6-8 August 2008
OECD (2005).Public Sector Integrity.A framework for Assessment.
Olfindo, Rosechind.(2010).Strengthening the Governance Dimension of the Philippines’ Conditional Cash Transfer Program, World Bank 2010
ODI (2006).Governance, Development, and Aid Effectiveness: A Quick Guide to Complex Relations.ODI Briefing paper March 2006.
Ringold, Dena and al., Rules, Roles and Controls: Governance in Social Protection - DRAFT Background Paper for the Social Protection Strategy
van Stolk C.and Tesliuc E.(2010).Toolkit on tackling error, fraud and corruption in social protection programs.SP Discussion Series No.1002.Washington D.C.: World Bank.
van Stolk, Christian, To strengthen the governance dimension of social safety net programs in the ASEAN region, prepared for the World Bank, April 2010
World Bank (2004).World Development Report.Making Services work for Poor People.
World Bank (2007).Control and Accountability Mechanisms in Conditional Cash Transfer Programs: A Review of Programs in Latin America and the Caribbean.Operational Innovations in Latin America and the Caribbean, Vol.1, No.1.